[birds chirping]
[Don] Hey.
[in Xhosa] And now?
Where are you rushing off to?
[in English] The studio.
I... I like to mentally prepare for the day.
I have to go.
[Don] Ah. Zinhle.
- [in Xhosa] If you think you can run away...
- [boy screams]
- We'll find you.
- [screaming]
[screaming]
[screams fade]
[in English] I saw your Durban photos.
Keep up the good work.
Okay.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
[glass cracking]
[sighs]
- Mm-mm.
- So...
[in Sotho] I'm sure they produce
thousands of bottles of bleach per month.
Tell me. how are we going to do this?
What else is stored in there?
Other products to cover up.
That's where you will start the fire.
I saw a storeroom and an office.
I will find a way to get in
and have a look around.
Yeah. um...
As long as some product survives for
the cosmetics bureau to investigate.
[in English]
And I will take care of my side.
[in Sotho] Uh. Zee. tell me something.
Are you okay? You seem a bit distracted.
No. I'm okay.
And Ndu?
It's over.
[in English]
My head is back in the mission.
[in Sotho] Good.
That's what I want to hear.
Cheers.
[engine starts]
[Phila in English] It's a solid deal.
If he feels that nervous. then I can...
I can see him this afternoon.
Yeah. I can leave in a few minutes. and...
Yeah.
Yeah. No. listen. just tell him
to calm down. okay. I'm going to...
Yeah. I'm going to be there in 15 minutes.
Ten minutes. okay. I...
[sobbing softly]
Hold on. I'm going to
have to call you back. Yeah? Cool.
[sniffling]
[clears throat] Zinhle. are you... Hey.
- Oh. hey. What's going on?
- [Zinhle sighs]
God. Sorry. This is so embarrassing.
[sniffs]
Ndu and I broke up.
Right. Um...
Yeah. he did mention
that things didn't go so well in Durban.
Yeah. things were moving too fast.
[sighs]
I don't even know why I'm crying
when I'm the one
who broke it off. [sniffles]
Yeah. Well...
So. what can I do? Is there
anything? Should I talk to him. maybe?
No.
No. thanks.
I just... I just need to get
my mind off things. you know.
go out or something.
Right. That always works for me. So...
- There's...
- Actually. now that I think about it.
a friend of mine tried
to invite me to a party. and I...
so you can take my place. Yeah?
Actually. um. I got invited to this
warehouse party that sounds nice.
You should come with me.
Uh. no can do. I am done with partying.
[in Zulu] Come on. it'll be fun.
[in English] You love a good party.
I can't really imagine
a better person to go with.
Uh... Ah...
Please.
Okay. Okay. fine. fine. let's do it. Yeah?
- Yeah.
- Okay.
Um... Yeah. and chin up. by the way.
You guys. I'm sure
you'll work things out. yeah.
- Yeah?
- Yeah.
- Okay.
- Thank you.
Cool.
[Kolobe in Zulu]
Sifiso. please go buy four fat cakes.
Sharp.
Please have a look at this.
[chuckles]
[Ndu in English] Yo. Zinhle.
You going out?
Listen. man. I was hoping we could talk.
Ndu. I already said
everything I needed to say.
[Phila] Um...
- Ready to go?
- [Zinhle] Yeah.
- [in Xhosa] You're going out with Zinhle?
- [in English] An innocent night out.
I'll wait in the car.
No listen. come on.
We can't keep
avoiding each other like this.
[sighs]
Listen. um. just give her
some time to blow off some steam
and she'll talk to you when she's ready.
Dude. it came out of nowhere.
I just want to know why.
[Phila] She will talk to you
when she's good and ready.
I'll take care of her tonight.
I mean I'm going to make sure
that no other guy tries to get in there.
You know what? You're a good guy. okay.
You are a good guy. and she knows it.
Phila... Phila. watch it.
["Dey My Side" by Worlasi playing]
[engine starts]
[knocking]
Ah. [clears throat]
[in Sotho] Uh. hi.
Hi.
Are you looking for something?
Um... No.
I'm just waiting for Mbali.
Mbali?
Yes. she works at New Point.
Do you know her?
I don't know her.
Tell me something.
have we met before?
No.
- Are you sure?
- Yes. I'm sure.
Okay.
You can't park here.
[engine starts]
Sure.
Cheers. sir.
[Zinhle in English] You do know
McDonald's is not dinner. right?
[Phila] Of course. I know that. okay.
We were just
lining our stomachs. all right.
And now that we have. it is time to party.
[chuckles]
So. how does it feel to be CEO?
Uh. yeah. that is a question
you're going to have to ask my dad
because he's pretty much
still in the driver's seat. So...
Hey. listen. um. do you mind if
I ask you a personal question?
I don't mind.
You and Ndu. what happened?
Because. I mean. he hasn't
been serious about anyone in. like. years.
Um...
I'd rather not talk about that right now.
Okay. fair enough.
[automated voice]
At the next intersection. turn left.
Um. where did you say
that this place that we're going to is?
Let me... let me just check.
[Phila] Okay.
[chain clattering]
["Friends" playing]
♪ You know how to run ♪
♪ You know how to hide ♪
[urinating]
♪ You know your name ♪
[walkie-talkie beeps]
[thuds]
♪ You know your price ♪
♪ Your little friends ♪
♪ Do you wanna think twice? ♪
♪ Have you ever been this far? ♪
[door clanks]
[song continues]
[liquid sloshes]
It's a warehouse by day
and a secret party spot by night.
Why do you ask? Is there a problem?
No. no. I just kind of
recognize the... the neighborhood.
You know. the last time
I was at a warehouse party
was. like. four or five years ago. So...
Yeah.
[both laugh]
- I've actually never been to one.
- [automated voice]...turn right.
You're going to take a right
in nearly 300 meters.
Uh-huh.
- [automated voice] Turn right.
- Right. Phila. Right.
I know. I know. I heard you. okay.
I'm just making a quick stop.
Quick stop? We're gonna be late.
Yeah. well. you don't arrive early
to a party. anyway.
So. relax. please.
[automated voice] You're driving in
the wrong direction. Please turn around.
- Hello?
- [operator] This is 911.
Yes. there's a warehouse on fire
on 11th Street.
Yes. on 11th Street. It's on fire!
[operator speaking indistinctly]
[phone clicks off]
[Zinhle sighs] What are we waiting for?
MDMA.
What?
You said you wanted to have a good time.
Bab' Don would not
approve of us taking drugs.
Well. I'm not gonna tell if you don't.
Phila. please.
I don't want to worry about you
all night because you're high on MMA.
I said MDMA. M...
Or whatever that is.
All right. just wait here.
I'll be back in a second.
Shit!
Ugh!
[cell phone chimes]
All right. I told you
I would not take long.
Ta-da!
You're not going to take that now. right?
No. I'm not.
- All right. ready?
- Yes!
Let's do this.
[fire crackling]
Shit.
[in Sotho] Zinhle. there will be
nothing left if you don't get here soon.
[Kolobe in English] Help! Help me!
Somebody help!
[sighs]
[glass cracking]
[Kolobe] Is somebody there? Help!
[coughing]
[smoke alarm beeping]
[Bonga] Hey.
- [Kolobe in Sotho] It's you.
- [Bonga] Huh?
[Kolobe] It's you.
[Bongo] Hey! Come back.
- [song playing on radio]
- [in English] Okay. Okay.
- This is nice. Who is this?
- [chuckling]
Oh. it's a pretty old track.
but I love it. Love it.
Okay. I love it too.
[chuckles] Okay.
What is that?
You should actually make me a playlist.
I need some of this.
- Hey. Phila. Is that a fire?
- [song stops]
[Phila] Where?
[Zinhle] Can you see it?
Shit! That's...
[tense music playing]
We should call the fire brigade.
No. don't call anybody. okay.
Just stay right here.
Stay in the car.
Zinhle. stay in the car!
[fire crackling]
Hey. Hey. Hey!
[in Zulu] Hey! Wake up!
[in English] Get up. Get up.
Get up!
What happened?
[Zinhle] Yeah. has Angela left yet?
[indistinct talking on phone]
[Zinhle]
Phila Bhengu is at the Yellowvate factory.
[guard in Zulu] The stock is on fire.
- [in English] What?
- The stock!
Get the truck. we're going inside!
Oh. Jesus!
[grunts. coughs]
Jesus!
[grunts]
- [sizzles]
- Ah!
[grunts]
Let's put them on the truck.
[guard coughs]
Phila! What is this?
- Let me help you.
- I told you to stay in the car.
Let me help.
[fire truck siren wailing]
What are you doing here?
A burning building
is a news item. Mr. Bhengu.
What are you doing here?
Is this a Bhengu factory?
This is a private property. okay.
So it is a Bhengu factory.
What's in the boxes?
- Look. you...
- Phila...
[Angela] Does that say
Yellowvate Skin Lightening. Mr. Bhengu?
Mr. Bhengu?
[sirens blaring]
[Phila sighs]
I am sorry. okay. I am so sorry.
[in Xhosa]
What were you doing at the factory?
Zinhle and I were at a party...
Don't tell me about Zinhle.
What were you doing at the factory?
What are you talking about?
[in English] Ndu. inside.
Zinhle. to the cottage.
[in Xhosa] Mom. what is going on here?
[in English]
Do you realize what you've done?
- What was I supposed to do?
- Really?
Can somebody tell me what's going on?
Ndumiso. must I repeat myself? Go inside!
Zinhle. go to the cottage.
don't answer your phone and stay there.
Let's take this inside. Let's go!
[in Xhosa] Ndumiso. get in the house.
[Grace in English] Ndumiso. come.
Phila?
[in Sotho] Phila! Talk! What happened?
We were on our way to a warehouse party
that was in the same neighborhood.
Same as what?
Ah. Ndumiso. not now.
This has got nothing to do with...
[in Xhosa] I just want
to know what happened!
Ndumiso!
Are you deaf?
Shut up!
Talk!
[in English]
Uh. we saw the fire in the distance.
I thought it might've been one of ours.
So. we went over there.
and the bleaches
were still intact when we arrived
so I decided it was best
to save some of it.
[in Xhosa] You're an idiot!
[in English] That was your product
I was saving. You know that. right?
The two of you told me
to be more invested in this business.
In fact. you would've
been screaming if I didn't...
You should've turned around
when you realized it was ours!
Is that what I should've done?
I am sorry. all right.
I am so sorry
I don't know what the rules are.
and what it takes to run
a fucking criminal empire
because that's what this is. Okay!
[clicks tongue]
How much did Angela see?
- How much?
- She saw the product.
[in Sotho] Did you tell Zinhle what it is?
[in English] No. of course not.
[sighs] I can still save some of this.
[in Sotho] I have to call Angela.
[Phila sighs]
[shower running]
[door handle rattling]
[knocking on door]
[Ndu in English] Zinhle? Can I come in?
Ndu.
I'm about to take a shower.
[Ndu] Okay. just tell me what happened.
There was a fire. I tried to help Phila...
Can't you ask him?
[Ndu] Yeah. but I just want
to know if you're okay.
I'm fine. Ndu.
I just need to shower and rest. okay.
[Ndu] I'll talk to you in the morning.
[line beeping]
Damn it!
[hangs up]
Kolobe is not answering his phone.
- [answering machine beeps]
- [Kolobe] Hi...
[in Sotho] Oh my goodness.
His phone is off.
- [cell phone chimes]
- [Phila] Oh shit!
Oh.
[woman on TV] Earlier tonight.
new Bhengu Beauty CEO. Phila Bhengu.
and the face of the company.
Zinhle Manzini.
were caught rescuing what
appeared to be illegal skin bleachers
from a burning factory
in the south of Johannesburg.
- Is this a Bhengu factory?
- This is a private property. okay.
[Angela] So it is a Bhengu factory.
[woman] The products in question
bear all the exterior markings
of illegal skin lightening creams.
They have been sent for emergency testing.
If they're found
to contain illegal substances.
the Bhengu Beauty empire
could be dealt a severe blow.
There's been no official statement
or response from Bhengu Beauty.
This is a developing story.
[news theme music playing]
[woman] Dermatologist Dr. Candice Cooper
now joining us to discuss
this very controversial topic.
- Babe.
- Mm. You look nice. Hey.
- Come sit.
- Are you seeing this?
- Gorgeous.
- Look.
What's that?
[Dr. Cooper] Have high amounts of
steroids. hydroquinone. mercury. and lead.
And all of these ingredients...
Apparently Phila was found outside
some skin bleaching factory.
[dialing]
[Dr. Cooper] ...scarring.
liver and kidney damage. psychosis.
- Does Bhengu Beauty sell these products?
- [busy signal]
Babe?
[woman] Very serious side effects...
- Linda. you knew about this?
- Yes. I did.
- What?
- [woman] What actually can happen?
[in Xhosa] My father told me
just before he made me CEO.
- [in English] You're okay with this?
- [in Xhosa] What was I to do?
[in English] Wow! [scoffs]
Look. if people want
to poison themselves. then...
[sighs]
...can happen to them.
what the damage can be.
Are we seeing these products
mostly here in South Africa?
Is what's on the news true?
We're releasing a statement
denying any connection to that factory.
[in Xhosa] But is it true or not?
[Don in English] Yes. Ndu. it is true.
Now. will you please shut up
and let us deal with the situation.
- [Ndu] How could you guys do this?
- Um...
I think that there's more.
So. did you know what products
were manufactured in this factory?
[guard] I... No comment.
So in 1990. South Africa became
the first country in the world
to prohibit all cosmetic claims
to skin bleaching.
whitening and/or. lightening.
But. as this burning factory
behind me illustrates.
that the demand for these products.
not only persists
but it's on the rise.
I'm Angela Makwetu reporting live.
[cell phone ringing]
[in Sotho] Hey.
[Bonga] We have a problem. Come now.
What happened?
I need you. Zinhle. Now.
[line beeps off]
Ugh!
[Zinhle groans]
[in Xhosa] Hey. Are you okay?
[in English] No. my head is just...
Let me get you a headache pill.
It's actually a migraine.
It happens with high stress.
Oh!
Yeah. I shouldn't have asked Phila
to go with me yesterday.
No. that has nothing to do with you.
How can I help?
I need to see a doctor.
Okay. I'll get my keys...
- No. I can go on my own.
- No. but...
- [in Xhosa] You can't go on your own.
- [in English] Please.
[sighs] Okay. cool. Um...
Just call me if you need anything.
Yeah. I will.
Please cover for me.
I know we're not supposed
to leave the house.
Don't worry about that.
Okay. thanks.
And Zinhle...
Yeah?
[in Xhosa] We need to talk
when you come back.
[in English] There's a lot
I don't understand.
[Zinhle] Yeah. Mm-hmm.
[phone dialing]
[Kolobe on recording]
Hi. I'm unavailable at the moment.
please leave a message.
[phone dialing]
- [Kolobe] Hi. I'm unavailable...
- Damn it!
[Grace in Sotho]
He'll get back to us soon.
[Don in English]
No. he won't. He's behind this.
And why would he do that?
[Don] Then where the hell is he?
Is there something you need to tell me?
About what?
About the two of you.
First. the guy tells me he's quitting.
Next thing. he disappears
in the middle of a scandal.
What happened?
Tell me!
[in Sotho] He had
started his nonsense again.
You know how he is.
- [in English] Every few years he tries...
- Tries to sleep with you. I know that.
What was so different this time around?
[in Sotho] After your heart attack.
I thought that...
Yeah?
[in English]
He was kind to me when I needed it.
[in Sotho] We met up at the hotel.
I stopped before anything happened. Don.
[in Sotho] I said some harsh things
to him so he'd never try again.
[in English]
I wanted him out of my life for good!
[Don in Sotho] Fool!
Yes. I told him he's a fool
for coming after me all this...
[in English] No! You! You are the fool!
I'm the fool. Don?
You know that Kolobe did everything
because of his feelings for you.
But you had to go and mess it all up!
Don. I'm your wife!
So what!
[whispers] What the fuck!
[door closes]
Zinhle?
[in Sotho] What are we
going to do with a hostage?
And then?
He saw my face.
The place was on fire.
What if...
What if he traced me back to you?
[in English]
He doesn't even know who you are. Bonga.
We can't keep him here.
Zinhle...
[in Sotho] Wait!
Okay. fine.
[keys jingling]
[Kolobe] I knew you
when you were a little boy.
The scars on your face
[in English] How did you survive the fire?
- [whimpers]
- [flames roaring]
[whimpering]
[children screaming]
[Ndu] Jesus!
- [Phila] Fuck!
- [Grace] And then?
[sighs]
All our products
have been recalled for testing.
For how long?
[Ndu] Hey. man.
[in Xhosa] Look at this.
[in English] Until the bureau
does a complete investigation.
- Do you see this?
- [Phila] Ndu...
The Kenyans have pulled out.
This project is over
and we're hemorrhaging millions!
What about the millions
of people you're harming?
Have you seen what
your products do to people?
Ndumiso! Ndumiso. grow up or get out!
What do we do now?
Someone needs to take the fall.
Okay. who?
I'll try him. Maybe he'll take my call.
Hello. hi. who are we talking about?
[Grace] Kolobe.
It's us or him.
Ndumiso. be useful.
Go and get Zinhle.
She needs to be briefed on what to say.
[in Sotho] Where is she?
- [in English] She's at the doctor.
- She's at the what?
Bhengu Beauty is in crisis!
But she was sick!
- She can't go blabbing to God knows who.
- She was sick.
[in Sotho] Go fetch her.
[in English] Go get her! Go!
[tense music playing]
- [Kolobe on answering machine] Hi...
- [sighs]
- Damn it!
- [phone beeps off]
[Zinhle] Can you stop that?
Please.
[in Sotho] What are we going to do?
Hmm?
[in English] You're not gonna like it.
[in Sotho] It's risky.
But if we pull it off
then it's over for Don and Grace.
[in English] I hear you. Zinhle.
[Zinhle] You just need to follow my lead.
[in Sotho] Trust me.
[Angela in English] A burning building
s a news item. Mr. Bhengu.
- Is this a Bhengu factory?
- [Phila] This is a private property. okay.
Baby.
Look. I'm... sorry for earlier.
I know that those products
are dangerous and unethical. but
you know with Dad.
Just... all that mattered
was impressing him. okay.
I just don't want
Don's shadow hanging over us.
I know. okay. Me neither.
Then let's stop keeping up
with what's going on with that family.
Honey. we need space.
mentally and physically.
Okay.
- Come here.
- Thank you.
Uh-huh. [kisses]
Zinhle?
[in Sotho] What are you doing here?
What's going on here?
[Zinhle] Hello. Calvin.
[in English] Or should I say malume?
[in Sotho] This is my brother.
I was also at the house.
[in English]
But you're the face of Bhengu...
[in Sotho]
She'd wash off chemicals you used on me.
Do you remember the day
Don Bhengu burnt me?
Do you remember?
Do you remember?!
- [Kolobe] What about the fire?
- [Zinhle] We managed... to escape.
Me. my brother and my sister.
Our sister. Amahle.
She died in this very room.
seven months ago.
[in English] Liver cancer.
[in Sotho] All because of your chemicals.
We escaped the fire.
But we never survived what you did to us.
My brother's body.
My face.
My sister's life.
[Kolobe] I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
[Zinhle] If you really mean it. help us.
Help us show the world
what Don and Grace did to us.
[in English] I can't.
[yells] No!
- [sniffles]
- [in English] It's okay.
I got you.
♪ I don't know if I ever really told you ♪
♪ I need you ♪
["Be Like Home" by David O'Dowda playing]
♪ I can't breathe ♪
[Kolobe in Sotho] It's okay.
You'll heal.
[Zinhle in English]
You were a parent to us at that place.
The closest thing to a father.
[Kolobe] No. I wasn't.
[in Sotho] Don and Grace came once a week...
[in English] ...to put
that cream on us. But you...
[in Sotho] But you were there every day.
You used to bathe us.
You'd feed us and put us to sleep.
[in English] In your own way...
[in Sotho] You cared for us.
[in English] Do the right thing. Kolobe.
Help us get justice.
[in Sotho] I'm begging you.
[tense music plays]
[in English]
If you know what's good for you...
[in Sotho] You'll help us.
[Kolobe in English] Or what?
[in Sotho] Let me go.
- [in English] Don and Grace'll never know.
- [cell phone ringing]
[Zinhle] Hello.
Hey. are you at the doctor?
Yeah. sorry I'm running late.
Is everything okay there?
Everyone is coming up with lies
to make this thing go away.
[mutters]
What lies?
[Ndu] Can you believe they're trying to
pin it on the guy that runs the factory?
Are you okay to drive back?
I can come fetch you.
Yeah. I'm almost done. Thank you.
[phone beeps]
[woman] The factory in question contains
illegal skin lightening creams.
and registered as a textile factory
owned by Mr. Calvin Mamabolo.
A warrant for his arrest has been issued...
[Zinhle in Sotho] Don and Grace'll
throw you to the dogs.
[woman] ...contact their nearest police.
[Zinhle in Sotho] Are you still
going to help them?
Unlock his phone and let's call Grace.
What's the PIN?
PIN!
[clicks tongue]
[phone clicks]
[Bonga scoffs]
[sighs]
[tones beeping]
[line ringing]
[cell phone ringing]
Calvin?
[in English] I'm here.
Oh. thank God.
[in Sotho] Are you okay?
[in English] I'm fine.
[in Sotho]
Have you seen what's been happening?
[in English] It's terrible.
I know.
[Grace in Sotho] You're the only one
who can make this go away.
[in English] We need you.
[dramatic music playing]
[in Sotho] Don will make sure...
[in English] ...you don't spend one night...
[in Sotho] ...in jail.
[in English] The docket will disappear.
Calvin?
Okay.
[phone beeps off]
What's your answer?
[somber music plays]
[Phila] What the hell are you doing here?
[Angela] A burning building
is a news item.
Babe? What do you think?
- It's gorgeous.
- Linda. what the fuck?
Please. just watch it. okay?
I need you. It's Phila at the factory.
- Phila...
- Look. Zinhle pushes the box.
Now you're blaming Zinhle
for something she didn't do!
I just don't trust her.
You promised you'd stop obsessing over...
This is not easy!
You're dragging her
into your fucking daddy issues!
I need you to stop seeing her.
- Excuse me?
- You heard me.
[scoffs]
Just until I can trust her.
Linda...
I'm obsessing over my family. right?
Stop being friends with her.
You know. you're... [sighs]
You're just like your dad.
[keypad beeping]
Hey. Um. listen. friend.
Do you... Do you have the guest list
of the last Emerald party for me. please?
[sighs] Thank you. Perfect. Right.
[phone beeps off]
[Zinhle in Sotho]
Grace just sent a copy of your statement.
[in English] For the press conference.
[in Sotho] Do you want to see it?
[Kolobe] There's no need.
I know what it will say.
[in English] I'll reveal myself
after you tell everyone about the tests.
Um... [clears throat]
[in Sotho]
What will you do if they deny it?
[in English] I've got documents
at my house that implicate them.
We just need to go pick them up.
Oh. Um...
[in Sotho] Don't let us down again.
[tense music builds]
[Ndu in English] I saw you come in.
We really need to talk.
I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
Why do you keep avoiding me?
You'd never understand.
Okay. just try me.
Trust me. okay.
Everything will make sense tomorrow.
I promise.
[Ndu sighs]
[in Sotho] Phila. where's Zinhle?
[in English] She's coming.
[in Sotho] And Kolobe?
He'll meet us at the hall.
[Zinhle] I'm ready.
Grace. I'm sorry for leaving yesterday.
[in English] No.
we can deal with that later.
[in Sotho] Let's go.
[in Xhosa] Where is Zinhle going?
[in English]
She has nothing to do with this.
[in Sotho] Zinhle works for us.
in case you forgot. Let's go. Zinhle.
- [in English] Fine. Then I'm coming with.
- You don't have to do that.
Someone has to have your back.
[tires squealing]
[brakes squeaking]
[in Sotho] Are you ready?
[in English] Yeah.
[in Sotho] Tell me something.
[in English] Why?
[in Sotho] Why did you do it?
Why are you still in touch with them?
Why are you still in business with them?
Love.
[tense music playing]
[indistinct conversations]
[camera shutters clicking]
[reporters clamoring]
[in English] Take your seats!
- [overlapping chatter]
- Take your seats!
[PR woman] Ladies and gentlemen.
please settle down. Take your seats.
- Thank you for coming.
- [phone chimes]
[PR woman]
This is how today's program will go.
Mr. Calvin Mamabolo
is going to set the record straight.
[cell phone chimes]
[PR woman] After that. Mr. Phila Bhengu
will to make an official statement.
[grunts]
- [groans]
- [Don's phone chimes]
[PR woman] And if you've submitted
anything. it will be answered. Thank you.
[reporters] Mr. Bhengu!
Where are you going?
[Bonga] Shit.
[chimes]
Hey.
Are you okay?
Yeah. I... I need the bathroom.
[indistinct chatter]
He's clearly not coming.
It's time for your statement.
[clears throat]
Ahem. Ladies and gentlemen.
thank you for your time.
An unfortunate incident occurred recently
involving myself as
the CEO of Bhengu Beauty.
as well as Zinhle Manzini.
the face of the company.
[truck engine starts]
[Phila] I'd like to state here today
that Bhengu Beauty
denies any and all knowledge
of these products.
The factory in question was leased
to a friend to manufacture furniture.
Someone we considered family.
Mr. Calvin Mamabolo decided to manufacture
skin bleaching products
without our knowledge.
Something we consider a betrayal.
And when we gave him the chance to explain
his actions. instead. he disappeared.
[tires squealing]
- [in Sotho] Don kidnapped Kolobe.
- What?
There's a tablet in there.
What am I looking for?
We're tracking Kolobe's location.
I'm tracking his phone.
[Phila in English] Ladies and gentlemen.
we ask that you put your trust back in us.
All of our products have been tested
and all of them are 100% safe.
Bhengu Beauty will
always protect its customers
because our beauty is real.
That's all. thank you.
[woman] Mr. Bhengu!
[reporters clamoring]
[camera shutters clicking]
[mouthing] Well done.
[Zinhle] That's where we are.
- [Bonga in Sotho] Where do we go?
- This way.
Faster.
[Bonga] Okay. okay.
[Zinhle] Over there.
There's no one inside.
His location says he's 500m
east behind the building.
Zinhle. wait. Whoa. Zinhle!
[in English] Why now?
Huh?
Answer me. why now?
[Kolobe] It was time.
[Don] You only had to stick to the plan.
Yes. Stick to the plan
and be your servant.
[in Sotho] For the rest of my life.
[in English] You never used to mind.
[Kolobe]
The world needs to know what we did. Don.
Because my wife
wouldn't want to leave me for you?
Pathetic!
[Kolobe] We have done enough harm.
[in Sotho] If this is my fate.
I accept it.
- [in English] Just give me the gun.
- [in Sotho] But yours. yours is coming.
[gunshot echoes]
♪ I don't know if I ever really told you ♪
♪ I need you ♪
♪ I can't breathe ♪
♪ Only sojourn ♪
♪ Make me a wish ♪
♪ Keep me by your side ♪
♪ It'll be like home ♪
[suspenseful music playing]
Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-